
This is the license that pertains to the ePO Endpoint Deployment Kit (EEDK)

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.

Do not copy, install or use the Materials (as defined below) provided 
under this license agreement ("Agreement") from Intel Americas, Inc. 
("Intel"), until you ("You") have carefully read the following terms and 
conditions. By copying, installing or otherwise using the Materials, You 
agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If You do not agree to 
the terms of this Agreement, do not copy, install or use the Materials.

If You are agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement on 
behalf of a company or other legal entity ("Legal Entity"), You 
represent and warrant that You have the legal authority to bind that 
Legal Entity to the Agreement, in which case, "You" or "Your" will mean 
such Legal Entity.

By agreeing to this Agreement, You affirm that You are of legal age (18 
years old or older) to enter into this Agreement. If You are not of 
legal age You may not enter into this Agreement, and either Your parent, 
legal guardian or Legal Entity must agree to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and enter into this Agreement, in which case, "You" or 
"Your" will mean such parent, legal guardian, or Legal Entity.

Third Party Programs (as defined below), even if included with the 
distribution of the Materials, are governed by separate third party 
license terms, including without limitation, open source software 
license terms. Such third party license terms (and not this Agreement) 
govern Your use of the Third Party Programs, and Intel is not liable for 
the Third Party Programs.

1. LICENSE DEFINITIONS:
"Derivative Work" means a derivative work, as defined in 17 U.S.C. § 
101, of the Software Source Code that You developed.

"Documentation" means the user manuals and other written materials that 
describe the Software, its operation and matters related to its use, 
that Intel provides in connection with, under, or subject to, this 
Agreement, and any updated, improved or modified version(s) of those 
materials, whether provided in published written material, on magnetic 
media or communicated by electronic means.

"Executable Code" means computer programming code in binary form 
suitable for machine execution by a processor without the intervening 
steps of interpretation or compilation.

"Licensed Patent Claims" means the claims of Intel’s patents that are 
necessarily and directly infringed by the reproduction of the Materials 
that is authorized in Section 2 below, when the Materials are in its 
unmodified form as delivered by Intel to You and not modified or 
combined with anything else. Licensed Patent Claims are only those 
claims that Intel can license without paying, or getting the consent of, 
a third party.

"Materials" means the Software, Source Code and/or End-User 
Documentation but do not include Third Party Programs.

"Software" means the computer program, in Executable Code and Source 
Code, as delivered by Intel to You, and any updated or improved 
version(s) of the program that Intel provides to You under this 
Agreement, if any.

"Source Code" is defined as the Software (and not documentation or text) 
portion of the Materials provided in human readable format, and includes 
modifications that You make or are made on Your behalf as expressly 
permitted under the terms of this Agreement. 

"Third Party Programs" (if any) are the third party software files that 
may be included with the Materials for the applicable Software that 
include a separate third party license agreement in an attached text 
file. 

2. LICENSE GRANT:
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Intel grants You 
a non-exclusive, worldwide, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, personal, 
royalty-free, limited right and license:

A. under its copyrights, to:
(1) make a reasonable number of copies of all or any portion of the 
    Materials solely for Your internal use, and to load data into or 
    display, view or extract output results from or otherwise operate any 
    portion of the Software exclusively for the purpose of integrating and 
    supporting Intel Security’s ePolicy Orchestrator product; provided, 
    however, that this license may be exercised only by Your employees and 
    only within Your facilities; 

(2) prepare Derivative Works of the Software or Source Code as permitted 
    in this Agreement in order to provide support and use of the Software or 
    Source Code exclusively for the purpose of integrating and supporting 
    Intel Security’s ePolicy Orchestrator product; provided, however, that 
    this license may be exercised only by Your employees and only within 
    Your facilities; 

(3) reproduce the Documentation as is reasonably necessary for You to 
    exercise Your license rights under this Agreement. 

B. Under its patents, to:
(1) make copies of the Materials only within Your facilities and only by 
    Your employees; and 

(2) use the Materials only within Your facilities and only by Your 
    employees exclusively for the purpose of integrating and supporting 
    Intel Security’s ePolicy Orchestrator product; 
    (a) provided, however, that the license under the Licensed Patent Claims 
        does not and will not apply to any Derivative Works of the Software, 
        whether made by You or any third party even if the Derivative Works 
        are permitted under this Agreement.  

C. Under its trade secrets, to:
(1) use the Materials only within Your facilities and only by Your employees. 

3. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS:
A. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, You may not and may 
not allow any third party to: 

(1) use, copy, distribute or publicly display the Materials;

(2) reverse-assemble, reverse-compile, or otherwise reverse-engineer, 
    disassemble or decompile the Software or Source Code;

(3) rent or lease the Materials to any third party;

(4) assign this Agreement or transfer the Materials;

(5) modify, adapt, enhance, disassemble, decompile, change, translate or 
    create Derivative Works of the Materials in whole or in part;

(6) distribute, sell, sublicense or transfer the Materials or 
derivatives thereof to any third party;

(7)include the Materials in malicious, deceptive, or unlawful programs 
or products;

(8) use the Materials to process the data of, or make the Software 
available online for the use of, third parties; or

(9) create Derivate Works of the Documentation.

B. The consideration under this Agreement is only for the licenses that 
Intel expressly grants to You in Section 2. Any other rights including, 
but not limited to, additional patent rights, will require an additional 
license and additional consideration. Nothing in this Agreement requires 
or will be treated to require Intel to grant any additional license. You 
acknowledge that an essential basis of the bargain in this Agreement is 
that Intel grants You no licenses or other rights including, but not 
limited to, patent, copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark or 
other intellectual property licenses or rights with respect to the 
Materials, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, except for the 
licenses expressly granted in Section 2.

C. You acknowledge that there are significant uses of the Software in 
its original, unmodified and uncombined form. The consideration for the 
license in this Agreement reflects Intel’s continuing right to assert 
patent claims against any modifications or Derivative Works (including, 
without limitation, error corrections and bug fixes) of, or combinations 
with, the Software that You or third parties make that infringe any 
Intel patent claim.

D. You will not allow the Materials to be accessed or used by third 
parties or anyone other than Your employees whose duties require access 
or use. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Your authorized consultants and 
subcontractors may access the Materials where the access is incidental 
to their performing services on Your behalf consistent with the license 
granted to You under this Agreement, provided:

(1) You first require those consultants and subcontractors to sign 
written agreements obligating them to observe the same restrictions 
concerning the Materials as are contained in this Agreement; and

(2) You are fully liable to Intel for the actions and inaction of those 
consultants and subcontractors.

E. You will maintain and handle the Source Code in the same manner as 
You would maintain and handle Your own Source Code, and with no less 
than reasonable care.

4. OWNERSHIP: 
A. Title to the Materials and all copies thereof remain with Intel or 
its licensors. The Materials are copyrighted and are protected by United 
States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. You will not 
remove any copyright notices from the Materials. You agree to prevent 
unauthorized copying of the Materials. Except as expressly provided 
herein, Intel does not grant any express or implied right to you under 
Intel patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information. In 
making copies as permitted under this Agreement You must copy all 
copyright legends, trademarks, trade names and other legends and 
identifications. You will maintain records of the number of copies 
currently in Your possession or control, and the location of each copy 
of the Source Code and Derivative Works and will provide copies of those 
records to Intel upon request.

B. Intel will own all copyrights in all Derivative Works. You 
irrevocably transfer and assign to Intel in perpetuity all worldwide 
copyrights, (including, but not limited to, applications for 
registration of those rights and all priority rights under applicable 
international conventions for the protection of those rights) in the 
Derivative Works that You may have, as and when those rights arise. You 
will maintain and protect Intel’s copyrights in the Derivative Works 
including, but not limited to, executing any documents that Intel 
reasonably considers necessary for that purpose. Intel will have the 
sole and unlimited right to reproduce, publish and display the 
Derivative Works, in whole or in part, or combine the Derivative Works 
with other matter or not use the Derivative Works at all. Intel grants 
to You a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, non-transferable, 
non-sublicensable license under Intel’s copyrights in the Derivative 
Works to the same extent and subject to the same restrictions as are 
applicable to Your license of the Software under this Agreement.

C. To the extent You provide Intel with Feedback and Intel incorporates 
that Feedback in its products, You grant to Intel and Intel accepts, a 
worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, 
transferable license, with the right to sublicense, under Your 
intellectual property rights to the Feedback to incorporate or otherwise 
use Feedback as provided by You to Intel in the design of Intel products 
and to design, debug, display, perform, prepare derivative works, copy, 
make, have made, use, disclose, distribute, sell, and otherwise dispose 
of and support Intel’s and its sublicensees’ products and 
Documentation embodying the Feedback in any manner and via any media 
Intel chooses, without reference to the source. "Feedback" means Your 
requirements, inputs, comments, responses, opinions, feedback and 
errata, whether oral or written, concerning the Software and 
Documentation and Your technical system requirements for Intel to 
include in the Software definition, design or validation.

5. NO WARRANTY AND NO SUPPORT: Disclaimer. The Materials are provided As 
Is. Intel disclaims all warranties of any kind and the terms and 
remedies provided in this Agreement, if any, are instead of any other 
warranty or condition, express, implied or statutory, including those 
regarding merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, 
non-infringement or any warranty arising out of any course of dealing, 
usage of trade, proposal, specification or sample. Intel does not assume 
(and does not authorize any person to assume on its behalf) any other 
liability.

Intel may make changes to the Materials, or to items referenced therein, 
at any time without notice, but is not obligated to support, update or 
provide training for the Materials. Intel will not provide support to 
You for your use of the Materials.

6. USER SUBMISSIONS: You agree that any material, information, or other 
communication, including all data, images, sounds, text, and other 
things embodied therein, you transmit or post to an Intel website will 
be considered non-confidential ("Communications"). Intel will have no 
confidentiality obligations with respect to the Communications. You 
agree that Intel and its designees will be free to copy, modify, create 
derivative works, publicly display, disclose, distribute, license and 
sublicense through multiple tiers of distribution and licensees, 
incorporate, and otherwise use the Communications, including derivative 
works thereto, for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.

7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION:
A. Non-Disclosure Agreements. The parties have entered into a 
Non-Disclosure Agreement the terms of which the parties agree will 
govern the disclosure and use of Confidential Information under and 
relating to this Agreement as fully as if set forth in this Agreement, 
and whether or not the Non-Disclosure Agreement is executed by either or 
both of the parties. All Confidential Information that each party 
discloses in the course of performance under this Agreement will be 
subject to the terms set forth in the Non-Disclosure Agreement(s), as 
may be supplemented by the provisions of this Section 7. The terms of 
the Non-Disclosure Agreement(s) will govern in all conflicts between 
this Agreement and the Non-Disclosure Agreement(s). In no event will 
disclosure of Confidential Information in accordance with the licenses 
granted in Section 2 of this Agreement be considered a breach of the 
Non-Disclosure Agreement(s). The existence of this Agreement and its 
contents are the Confidential Information of both parties.

B. No Publicity. You may not use Intel’s name, or the names of any 
Intel employees, in any publication, advertisement or other 
announcement, without Intel’s prior written consent in each instance.

C. Remedy. You acknowledge and agree that if You breach this Section 7, 
Intel will suffer irreparable harm for which money damages will not be 
an adequate remedy. You therefore agree that Intel will be entitled to 
an injunction restraining any breach or threatened breach of this 
Section 7, without the necessity of proving irreparable harm or posting 
a bond, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law, in equity 
and under this Agreement.


8. INDEMNIFICATION:
A. You will defend, at Your own expense, any legal action brought 
against Intel to the extent that it is based on any Indemnified Claim. 
An Indemnified Claim is any of the following claims or allegations: 
(1) a claim that the Derivative Works, or any portion of the Derivative 
Works, in the form delivered to Intel, directly infringes patents or 
copyrights or constitutes a misappropriation of trade secrets of any 
third party; or

(2) a claim arising from or relating to Your breach of any provision of 
this Agreement including, but not limited to, a breach of Sections 2, 3 
or 4; or

(3) a claim resulting from Intel’s compliance with designs, plans or 
specifications that You furnished.

B. You will pay any costs and damages finally awarded against Intel that 
are attributable to any Indemnified Claim or that Intel incurs through 
settlement of an Indemnified Claim, but will not be responsible for any 
compromise that Intel makes or expense that Intel incurs without Your 
consent. The defense and payments are subject to the condition that 
Intel gives You prompt written notice of the Indemnified Claim, allows 
You to direct the defense and settlement of the Indemnified Claim, and 
cooperates with You as necessary for defense and settlement of the 
Indemnified Claim.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Neither Intel nor its suppliers shall be 
liable for any losses or damages whatsoever and whether such losses or 
damages were foreseen, foreseeable, known, or otherwise (including, 
without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business 
interruption, loss of business information, lost profits, or any 
indirect, incidental, special, or consequential loss or damage) arising 
out of the use of or inability to use the Materials, even if Intel has 
been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some 
jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for 
consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply 
to You. 

10. TERM AND TERMINATION: This Agreement commences upon Your copying, 
installing or using the Materials and continues until terminated. Intel 
may terminate this Agreement at any time upon 30 days prior written 
notice to You. Intel may terminate this license at any time if you are 
in breach of any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination, You will 
immediately destroy the Materials or return all copies of the Materials 
to Intel along with any copies You have made. After termination, the 
license grant to any Feedback in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, prior to the effective date of such 
termination, will survive any such termination of this Agreement as will 
the obligations under Sections 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, & 12. 

11. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The technical data and computer 
software covered by this license is a "Commercial Item," as such term is 
defined by the FAR 2.101 (48 C.F.R. 2.101) and is "commercial computer 
software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as specified 
under FAR 12.212 (48 C.F.R. 12.212) or DFARS 227.7202 (48 C.F.R. 
227.7202), as applicable. This commercial computer software and related 
documentation is provided to end users for use by and on behalf of the 
U.S. Government, with only those rights as are granted to all other end 
users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Use for or on behalf 
of the U.S. Government is permitted only if the party acquiring or using 
this software is properly authorized by an appropriate U.S. Government 
official. This use by or for the U.S. Government clause is in lieu of, 
and supersedes, any other FAR, DFARS, or other provision that addresses 
Government rights in the computer software or documentation covered by 
this license. All copyright licenses granted to the U.S. Government are 
coextensive with the technical data and computer software licenses 
granted herein. The U.S. Government will only have the right to 
reproduce, distribute, perform, display, and prepare derivative works as 
needed to implement those rights.

12. APPLICABLE LAWS: All disputes arising out of or related to this 
Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, or any other legal or 
equitable theory, will in all respects be governed by, and construed and 
interpreted under, the laws of the United States of America and the 
State of Delaware, without reference to conflict of laws principles. The 
parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the 
International Sale of Goods (1980) is specifically excluded from and 
will not apply to this Agreement. All disputes arising out of or related 
to this Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, or any other legal 
or equitable theory, will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the courts of the State of Delaware or of the Federal courts sitting in 
that State. Each party submits to the personal jurisdiction of those 
courts and waives all objections to that jurisdiction and venue for 
those disputes.

13. SEVERABILITY: The parties intend that if a court holds that any 
provision or part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under 
applicable law, the court will modify the provision to the minimum 
extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, or if it cannot be 
made valid and enforceable, the parties intend that the court will sever 
and delete the provision or part from this Agreement. Any change to or 
deletion of a provision or part of this Agreement under this Section 
will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this 
Agreement, which will continue in full force and effect.

14. EXPORT: You must comply with all laws and regulations of the United 
States and other countries governing the export, re-export, import, 
transfer, distribution, use, and servicing of Software. In particular, 
You must not: (a) sell or transfer Software to a country subject to 
sanctions, or to any entity listed on a denial order published by the 
United States government or any other relevant government; or (b) use, 
sell, or transfer Software for the development, design, manufacture, or 
production of nuclear, missile, chemical or biological weapons, or for 
any other purpose prohibited by the United States government or other 
applicable government; without first obtaining all authorizations 
required by all applicable laws. For more details on Your export 
obligations, please visit 
http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/legal/export-compliance.html.

15. NO ASSIGNMENT, NO SUBLICENSE, NO TRANSFER: You may not delegate, 
assign or transfer this Agreement, or any of Your rights and obligations 
under this Agreement, whether by contract, operation of law, change of 
control, acquisition, forward or reverse merger, consolidation, sale of 
all or substantially all of Your outstanding shares or assets, other 
changes in control, or any other event, and any attempt to do so will be 
a material breach of this Agreement and will be null and void. In 
addition, You may not sublicense, assign or transfer any of the 
Materials, Confidential Information or any part of the foregoing, nor 
any right in this Agreement, whether by contract, operation of law, 
change of control, acquisition, forward or reverse merger, 
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of a party’s 
outstanding shares or assets, other changes in control, or any other 
event, to any third party temporarily (such as loaning, rental, 
licensing or timeshare) or permanently, except as expressly permitted 
under Section 2, without the prior written consent of Intel in each 
instance which consent Intel may withhold in its sole discretion. Any 
attempted sublicense, assignment or transfer that is not expressly 
permitted under Section 2 or is without consent will be a material 
breach of this Agreement and will be null and void. Subject to the other 
provisions of this Section this Agreement will bind and inure to the 
benefit of the parties and their permitted successors and assigns.

16. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement contains the complete and exclusive 
agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the subject 
matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous 
proposals, agreements, understanding, negotiations, representations, 
warranties, conditions, and communications, oral or written, between the 
parties relating to the same subject matter. No modification or 
amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and 
signed by authorized representatives of each party, and must 
specifically identify this Agreement.
